[ET-1079] Add Attendees nav button on Admin bar (#1983)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [5.1.3] TBD =

> * Tweak - New nav button added on WP Admin bar for direct link to Attendee Report page. [ET-1079]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Introduce a new "Attendees" link to the WP Admin bar which can take you directly to the Attendees Report page. [ET-1079]
```
